THIS PROJECT IS CANCELLED.

I have stopped all development in the D language.  This repository
will remain up until December 31, 2015, in case someone else would
like to fork it and continue on.  After that it will be deleted.

This code has finished being [transliterated to
Java](https://github.com/klamonte/jexer).  During that process it was
refactored, a number of bugs were fixed, the API was cleaned up, and a
some wishlist features were brought forward.  Anyone wishing to build
a D-language Turbo Vision lookalike is recommended to start with
transliterating the Java version (Jexer) back into D rather than work
with this code.



D Text User Interface library
=============================

This library implements a text-based windowing system loosely
reminiscient of Borland's [Turbo
Vision](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_Vision) library.  For those
wishing to use the actual C++ Turbo Vision library, see [Sergio
Sigala's updated version](http://tvision.sourceforge.net/) that runs
on many more platforms.

Three platforms are available:

* Posix under an X11 terminal (tested on Linux + xterm).  Input/output
  is handled through terminal escape sequences generated by the
  library itself: ncurses is not required or linked to.  xterm mouse
  tracking using UTF8 coordinates is supported.

* Windows console mode (tested on Windows XP).  Input/output is
  handled via Win32 console functions.

* As an X11-style terminal communicating over a non-blocking socket.

See the file demo1.d for many example usages.



License
-------

This library is licensed LGPL ("GNU Lesser General Public License")
version 3 or greater.  See the file COPYING for the full license text,
which includes both the GPL v3 and the LGPL supplemental terms.



Acknowledgements
----------------

Thanks go out to Adam Ruppe for [his terminal.d class](
https://raw.github.com/adamdruppe/misc-stuff-including-D-programming-language-web-stuff/master/terminal.d)
which greatly accelerated support for the Win32 console.
